we'll sell you two thoughts and twisted
meadow I got the limited-edition right
here I like the cover already got sweet
tooth right there I also got the limited
edition twisted metal limited edition
this is a ps3 exclusive only on
PlayStation as you see this thing gonna
be on the Xbox and then the limited
edition comes with you get a free game
twisted metal black this was on the
PlayStation 2 nice to play that not
so we used to play twisted metal on the
PlayStation 1 if I still play it on ps1
ps2 and now finally is on ps3 so there's
the cover with sweet tooth like I said
in the bag you got some screenshots that
says twisted metal returns to redefine
destruction and mayhem
I got screenshots right there there goes
Dollface and then I think that's axel I
believe or yeah you also get a Kotaku
partisan box and also got a code oh I
got a I got a code from gangsta because
I've heard of the game early and you got
EXO and I think that's axel right there
but yeah let's get to the unboxing
twisted metal shiny something sharp I
got these keys finally man I've been
waiting for this game open it up there's
no code oh there's a code anyways you
guys could look at this code I'm going
to use these codes before any time so
alright or you got a Starhawk
advertisement thing say he's pledged
your favorite twisted metal character
and PlayStation 3
alright matter so here this codes give
this code is to you get a sweet tooth
I'll cast multiplayer skin for Starhawk
so yeah that's what it is this is the
color for twisted metal black like I
said you could write these codes if you
want I'm gonna use them already
after this vid but yeah just a metal
black I hope this is an HD man nice to
play this in the PlayStation 2 I
hope this guy updated graphics and you
get trophy so yeah this recalled to so
you can get a twisted metal so you could
get sweet tooth in the Starhawk and then
this is the twisted metal black game and
then right here's the disc I like the
disc a lot
look at that it's a tight as disc right
there with sweet tooth man I like this a
lot and then you got artwork in the back
yes like this is the same as the front
cover all right now this is the manual
rather see in the manual you for me the
man just tells you like how to play and
everything's you know all the good stuff
yeah well here's another kick to use
another coat I mean this is for the
online pass you got online pass and then
here look at the artwork and the bag
looks very nice that's why like when I
buy the ps3 exclusives they all have
nice artwork there goes Dollface
I think that's axel I'm pretty sure that
is or I don't know correct me if I'm
wrong really like the artwork
let's put everything back in its place
if you got this game tell me down below
in the comments and add me on ps3 or
just or just send me your PSN and I'll
add you so yeah that's my unboxing a
twisted metal limited edition
alright up this bit I'm left go straight
play it I've been waiting for this game
and you can see there's a disc I like
the disc and here's everything comes
with the manual lot of codes and I show
you the back art very nice and straight
the back one more time
you could take a look at the screenshots
and everything and that's the front you
could look at it one more time and I
catch you guys on my next video thanks
for watching rate comment subscribe and
I catch you on the next time box and I
do later